chore: polish kb31-40 files (#1004)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: knowledge-base/kb0037.md

## Background
This error is occurring because the uninstaller is referencing an environment variable that does not exist on Windows 9x systems.

## Workaround
If you experience this error, download the following batch file and run it to uninstall Keyman Desktop.  If your Program Files folder is not called "Program Files", you will need to edit the batch file and put the correct name for your Program Files folder (this may be the case on some non-English systems).

- uninstkmp.zip is no longer available for download.
- uninstkml.zip is no longer available for download.

The code in this batch file is:

``` php
@echo off  
rem ** Change C:\Program Files to the actual path of your Program Files folder **  
set PROGRAMFILES=c:\Program Files  
%windir%\system\msiexec /x {9FFA5AC0-21BC-4495-8FE0-F6B86954F507}
```

## How to run the kmuninst.bat batch file

> - Click on the kmuninst.bat link above and select "Open" (Internet Explorer)
> - Alteratively, save the kmuninst.bat file to your hard drive and double-click it to
> run the uninstall.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click on the kmuninst.bat link above and select "Open" (Internet Explorer)
2. Alternatively, save the kmuninst.bat file to your hard drive and double-click it to run the uninstall.

```
